

  
    Lexington County football players selected to 2024 All-State teams | Lexington County Chronicle
    
    
    
     
     

              
      
      
      
        
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    
    
      
      
    

        
    
    
    

          
      
      
    

    
    
        
    
  	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

    
   


	

  
              

      
    
    
    
    
    

    Skip to main content





    
    


  	
      
        
          Sunday, September 13, 2026        


        
          
                               Log in
                                        
        

      

    



        
    
    			  
	    	
	          
	        

		  


  		
  			
  				
  				
  				
  					Advanced search
  				
 -->
  			
  		


    
      
        
                    
          
          
          
        

      

    


    
      
      
        SUBSCRIBE

        SAVE xx% -->
      

      
     -->
      
        
        
        
          75&deg; F
        
        
      

    


	

	




	
		    
    
        

		
      
        
	    

		

    


    

	

	


        
    
      
        
          
            
              Toggle navigation
              
              
              
            
            
                
                  
                  
                    
                  
                
              

            

          


          
          

            
              
            
 -->

            

              
                
                  
                    
                  

                

              

              
                
                  
                    Home
                  

                

              


                            
	              
	                    
	                    									 Log in
															                    

	                

	          

	                      
                
                      
                Subscribe
                
              

            

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        News                                              
                    

                    
                                              
                                          

                  


                  
                                        
                                              
                          Mental Health Matters
                                                  

                                              
                          Holy Cow! History
                                                  

                                          

                                                              

                        
                        Mental Health Matters
                        


                                                
                      

                                          

                        
                        Holy Cow! History
                        


                                                
                      

                                        

                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Sports                                              
                    

                    
                                          

                  


                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Lakeside Magazine                                              
                    

                    
                                              
                                          

                  


                  
                                        
                                              
                          Spring 2026
                                                  

                                          

                                                              

                        
                        Spring 2026
                        


                                                
                      

                                        

                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Obituaries                                              
                    

                    
                                          

                  


                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Lexington's Best                                              
                    

                    
                                          

                  


                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Newsletter                                              
                    

                    
                                          

                  


                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Public notices                                              
                    

                    
                                          

                  


                                  

                              
                  
                    
                      
                        Contact Us                                              
                    

                    
                                          

                  


                                  

              
            

          

          
      
    

  

	




        
    
      
        

      

      

 
    


  
    
  
        
                

  
  


              
        
          
    
















	
	



	


Lexington County football players selected to 2024 All-State teams


By Jacob Phillips
  jacob@lexingtonchronicle.com


Posted 12/24/24





The South Carolina High School Football Coaches Association revealed their 2024 All-State selections on Dec. 20 with 29 local athletes making the list. 











		This item is available in full to subscribers.








  

  
    
    	Subscribe to continue reading. Already a subscriber? Sign in

Local news from Lexington's only local news source. Subscribe today.

You can cancel anytime.

 

Subscribe

View more offers
    

  






	
	
				
			
			Please log in to continue

			
			
				
					
					E-mail
					
					
					Password
					

				
					
						Log in
					

					

				

				
			

			
			
			
		

		
		

				
			

	Need an account?



	

					

				Print and web subscribers

				
				If you're a print and web subscriber, but do not yet have an online account, click here to create one.
				


			

							

				Online-only subscribers

				
				If you are a digital subscriber with an active, online-only subscription then you already have an account here. Just reset your password if you've not yet logged in to your account on this new site.
				


			

				

			Non-subscribers

			
			Click here to see your options for becoming a subscriber.
			


		


				

	



		


		

	
	













							Lexington County football players selected to 2024 All-State teams

					

	




	
			
			
			
				
				

										
													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Brand									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Albro									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Sessions									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Wooden									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Geronomi									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Bryant									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										Gooding									

																	
										File | Chronicle									

															

													
								
																			
									
								

																	
										McAuley									

																	
										Jacob Phillips | Chronicle									

															

																	


																
							
							Previous
						
						
							
							Next
						
					
				


													
													
								
							

													
								
							

													
								
							

													
								
							

													
								
							

													
								
							

													
								
							

													
								
							

																	
				
				
					

		





	
		Posted
		
			Thursday, 
			December 26, 2024 
			12:00 am
		
			










					
						
							By Jacob Phillips
  jacob@lexingtonchronicle.com



			
						
						
						The South Carolina High School Football Coaches Association revealed their 2024 All-State selections on Dec. 20 with 29 local athletes making the list. 


To be an All-State selection, an athlete must first be nominated by their school&rsquo;s coaches. After that, the coaches association votes on who will be on each team. 


There is an overall All-State team and one for each classification. Players on the overall team are not on their classification team. 


Dutch Fork and Batesburg-Leesville led all Lexington County teams with six selections each. Dutch Fork had two athletes on the overall team and four on the 5A squad. All six Panthers players are on the 2A All-State team. 


Georgia Tech commit Elgin Sessions and South Carolina commit Josh Smith were on the overall team for Dutch Fork. The two were key parts of Dutch Fork&rsquo;s dominant defense, which forced six shutouts en route to a 5A Division I state championship. 


Maurice Anderson, Cayden McFadden, Derek Smith and K.J. Smith were selected to the 5A team. 


For Batesburg-Leesville, quarterback Tanner Watkins earned a spot on the 2A All-State team after a record-breaking year where he became the school&rsquo;s leader in many passing categories. Joining him are teammates Amadre Wooden, Jamerius Clark, KD Whitt, John Sawyer and Christian Burkett.  


This group led the Panthers to one of their best seasons in over a decade, finishing 12-1 after an undefeated regular season. Batesburg-Leesville advanced to the third round of the postseason before losing to eventual 2A champions Clinton. 


Irmo had the most athletes on the overall All-State team with three. 


Donovan Murph earned a spot after earning over 1,000 yards receiving and 12 touchdowns this season. Ryan Love got a nod after being one of the best blockers in the state as Irmo&rsquo;s starting center. 


Quarterback A.J. Brand was selected in the all-purpose spot after finishing the year with over 2,000 yards passing and 2,000 yards rushing. The Virginia Tech commit accounted for 57 total touchdowns. 


White Knoll&rsquo;s Devin Geronomi is on the overall team as a defensive back. Teammate Landon Sharpe was chosen for the 5A All-State team.


Matt McAuley was the only Lexington player chosen for either the overall or 5A All-State teams. McAuley was selected for the overall team after having a strong year at linebacker for the Wildcats. He finished this season with 115 tackles, 10 tackles for loss, four sacks and five blocked punts. He also spent some time on the offensive side of the ball and played long snapper. 


Chapin and River Bluff also had athletes selected to the 5A All-State squad. Brady Albro, Khalen Bostick and Caden Muskus represent the Eagles. Stephen Collier and Tripp Bryant represent the Gators. 


Gilbert leads the area with two players selected to the 4A team. Tight end Connor Gooding and defensive back Wynn Meetze were their selections. 


Gray Collegiate and Airport each had one 4A All-State player. Micheal Boulware represents the War Eagles after recording 133 tackles, five sacks and two forced fumbles, including a recovery for a touchdown. Montrelle Keys was Airport&rsquo;s selection and finished the year with 98 tackles, four sacks and two forced fumbles. 


Lastly, Swansea&rsquo;s Kasiah Harkless-Adams earned a spot on the 3A All-State team after being a key part of the team&rsquo;s turnaround this year. Harkless-Adams led Swansea&rsquo;s defense as the team went from 0-10 in 2023 to 7-4 in 2024. 

2024 All-State team selections 

Overall All-State

Donovan Murph - Receiver - Irmo

Ryan Love - Offensive Line - Irmo

A.J. Brand - All-Purpose - Irmo

Josh Smith - Defensive Line - Dutch Fork

Elgin Sessions - Defensive Back  - Dutch Fork

Devin Geronomi - Defensive Back - White Knoll

Matt McAuley - Linebacker - Lexington

5A All-State

Brady Albro - Quarterback - Chapin 

Landon Sharpe - Quarterback - White Knoll

Maurice Anderson - Running Back - Dutch Fork

Khalen Bostick - Receiver - Chapin

Stephen Collier - Receiver - River Bluff

Caden Muskus - Offensive Line - Chapin

Cayden McFadden - Tight End - Dutch Fork

Gavin Stam - Linebacker - Chapin

Derek Smith - Defensive Back - Dutch Fork

K.J. Smith - Athlete - Dutch Fork

Tripp Bryant - Specialist - River Bluff

4A All-State

Connor Gooding - Tight End - Gilbert

Micheal Boulware - Linebacker - Gray Collegiate

Montrelle Keys- Linebacker - Airport

Wynn Meetze - Defensive Back - Gilbert

3A All-State

Kasiah Harkless-Adams - Defensive Line - Swansea

2A All-State

Tanner Watkins - Quarterback - Batesburg-Leesville

Amadre Wooden - Running Back - Batesburg-Leesville

Jamerius Clark - Receiver - Batesburg-Leesville 

John Sawyer - Defensive Line - Batesburg-Leesville

Christian Burkett - Linebacker - Batesburg-Leesville

KD Whitt - Athlete - Batesburg-Leesville
			
								
	
			
















    

    
        

            
            
                
            

            
            
                
            

            
            
                
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
                
            
            
            
            
                
            

            
            
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
            
        

    




        
        
        

                        
                Comments
            


            
                
                    No  comments on this item
                
                
                                            Please log in to comment by clicking here
                                    
            


                        
                        
                        
        
        
        




  
    
	
		
	        Other items that may interest you
	      

	      
	        	            
	              	                

	              	              
	                
	                  Lexington girls golf team tees off title defense	                
	              


	            

	        	            
	              	                

	              	              
	                
	                  Top takeaways and storylines from another week of  &hellip;	                
	              


	            

	        	            
	              	                

	              	              
	                
	                  3 takeaways from South Carolina’s season-opening win  &hellip;	                
	              


	            

	        	            
	              	                

	              	              
	                
	                  Lexington earns first win of the season as Wildcats  &hellip;	                
	              


	            

	        	      

	    

	  

	
	
	
		
			
				
	
	
	
		
		
	


	
	
			

			
				
	
	
	
		
		
	


	
	
			

		

	



  





  
        
         
        
          
                      




	
	







                    

                      




	
	







                    

                      




	
	







                    

                      




	
	







                    

                      



	
	







                    

                      


			
							
					
						
													
					

				

				
												
						September 10 - September 16, 2026
					

												
					View this issue
				

				
											
															Browse other issues
													
									

			

		

	

                    

                      




	
	







                    

                      


	Local news



		
			
						
				
					
				
			

									9 District 5 students named National Merit Scholarship semifinalists

									Nine students from Lexington-Richland School District Five have been announced as semifinalists in the National Merit Scholarship program.  These academically talented high school seniors have  …

												


						

				
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Pelion honors ‘Hometown Heroes’

									David Mills of American Legion Pelion Post 101 is busy hanging the Hometown Hero banners in Pelion.

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									MENTAL HEALTH MATTERS: The landscape of mental health for American farmers

									I’ve been thinking about Labor Day over the past few weeks. When I was a child, Labor Day represented the last summer holiday where we went to a local park with extended family. A  &hellip;

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Court moves Alex Murdaugh retrial to Sumter County

									In an eight-page court order released by the 14th Judicial Circuit on Tuesday, Sept. 8, the court found that Sumter County is "best suited" for the retrial of disgraced attorney Alex Murdaugh. 

  &hellip;

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Midlands Tech expands building construction technology training

									Midlands Technical College hosted a ceremonial beam signing Thursday, Sept. 10 to mark the expansion of building construction technology training at the college. 

 The project, supported by a $1  …

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									PELION NEWS: Senior center plans trip to McLeod Farms in McBee

									The Lexington County Recreation & Aging Commission’s Pelion Senior Center will play Drumbeat on Sunday, Sept. 20 and bocce on Tuesday, Sept. 22. Members will participate in crafts on Wednesday,  …

												


						

		
		





                    

                      




	
	







                    

                      


	Local sports



		
			
						
				
					
				
			

									Lexington girls golf team tees off title defense

									Lexington’s girls golf team is under new leadership this season, but the expectations are still the same.  

 Coming off a 2025 state championship, new head coach Greg Airasian is stepping  …

												


						

				
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Top takeaways and storylines from another week of Lexington County football

									Another week of high school football has passed, and 13 of the 15 area teams were in action. 

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									3 takeaways from South Carolina’s season-opening win versus Kent State

									A new season of Gamecock football has officially begun as the team started the season with a dominant shutout win over Kent State, 57-0. 

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Lexington earns first win of the season as Wildcats pounce Swansea

									Lexington coach Stewart Young addressed his team ahead of their game against Swansea and asked one simple question, ‘What does the number 329 mean to you?’

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Gray Collegiate duo named Athlete of the Week as fall sports season continues

									Another week of fall sports has passed, and teams are starting to get into a groove after playing multiple competitions. 

												


						

		
			

						
				
					
				
			

									Lexington County volleyball teams return to the court for 2026 season

									Volleyball courts are packed again in Lexington County as the season officially gets underway. 

												


						

		
		





                    

                      
	
	
	
		
		
	


	
	
                    

                      
	
	
	
		
		
	


	
	
                    
        

  
      

    


      
      

  

  
  


  
    
      
        

          Sections

          
            
                                                    News                  

                                                                      Sports                  

                                                                      Lakeside Magazine                  

                                                                      Obituaries                  

                  
                                                    Lexington's Best                  

                                                                      Newsletter                  

                                                                      Public notices                  

                                                                      Contact Us                  

                  
                          

          


        

        

          Services

          
                      Contact us

                      Display advertising

                      Newsletter signup

                      Where to find us

                    

        


        

          Connect with us

          
                                  
                                    
                                    
                                


        


        
          
          
          

          
            205 West Main St. 
Lexington, S.C. 29072

            803-774-1200
          


        

        

          Connect with us

          
                                  
                                    
                                    
                                


        

      

    

  

  
    
      
        
          
            &copy; Copyright 2026  | 
            Terms of Use / Privacy Policy | 
            Cancellation / Refund Policy
            
          

          
            Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
          

        

      

    

  


  





      
  

  
  
  
  
    
	
	
				
	
	    
    	

		      
    
    				
		
	    
        	
  

